<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<style>
td {
	padding: 8px;
}
</style>
		<h1>Modal (&lt;b:modal /&gt;)</h1>

		<p>Describe in a few words what <code>&lt;b:modal&gt;</code> is about.</p>
		<h1>Basic usage</h1>
		<p>Put a short description in simple words here.</p>
		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Attributes of &lt;b:modal &gt;</b>
			</f:facet>
			<table class="table table-striped table-hover"
				style="background-color: #fff">
				<thead>
					<tr>
						<th>Attribute</th>
						<th>Default value</th>
						<th>Description</th>
					</tr>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
					    <td>backdrop</td>
					    <td> true </td>
					    <td>By default, you can close a modal dialog by clicking somewhere outside the modal. Set backdrop="false" to disable this feature.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>closeOnEscape</td>
					    <td> true </td>
					    <td>By default, users can close modal dialogs by hitting the ESC key. Set close-on-escape="false" to disable this feature.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>id</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>rendered</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false component will not be rendered.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>rendered</td>
					    <td>false</td>
					    <td>Boolean value to specify the rendering of the component, when set to false component will not be rendered.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>size</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Modal's size. Possible values modal-sm, modal-lg</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>styleClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Style class of this element.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>title</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Bold title displayed in Modal's header.</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
		</b:panel>
		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Skinning</b>
			</f:facet>
			<ul>
				<li>Tell the world which CSS classes can be used to change the
					look of the component.</li>
			</ul>
		</b:panel>

		<script type="text/javascript">
      		SyntaxHighlighter.all();
    	</script>
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
