<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<ui:composition template="/applayout/pageTemplate.xhtml"
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:b="http://bootsfaces.net/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">

	<ui:define name="content">
		<style>
td {
	padding: 8px;
}
</style>
		<h1>PanelGrid (&lt;b:panelGrid /&gt;)</h1>

		<p>Describe in a few words what <code>&lt;b:panelGrid&gt;</code> is about.</p>
		<h1>Basic usage</h1>
		<p>Put a short description in simple words here.</p>
		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Attributes of &lt;b:panelGrid &gt;</b>
			</f:facet>
			<table class="table table-striped table-hover"
				style="background-color: #fff">
				<thead>
					<tr>
						<th>Attribute</th>
						<th>Default value</th>
						<th>Description</th>
					</tr>
				</thead>
				<tbody>
					<tr>
					    <td>colSpans</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Comma-separated list of the column spans</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>columnclasses</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Comma-separated list of the CSS classes assigned to each colum.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>id</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Unique identifier of the component in a namingContainer.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>size</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Optional. Legal values are lg, md, sm and xs. Default is lg. Influences the grid size.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>style</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>CSS inline style of the div surrounding the panel grid.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>styleClass</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Style class of the div surrounding the panel grid.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltip</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>The text of the tooltip.</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelay</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown and hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayHide</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is hidden with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipDelayShow</td>
					    <td>0 </td>
					    <td>The tooltip is shown with a delay. This value is the delay in milliseconds. Defaults to 0 (no delay).</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
					    <td>tooltipPosition</td>
					    <td>(none)</td>
					    <td>Where is the tooltip to be displayed? Possible values: "top", "bottom", "right", "left", "auto", "auto top", "auto bottom", "auto right" and "auto left". Default to "bottom".</td>
					</tr>
				</tbody>
			</table>
		</b:panel>
		<b:panel look="info">
			<f:facet name="heading">
				<b>Skinning</b>
			</f:facet>
			<ul>
				<li>Tell the world which CSS classes can be used to change the
					look of the component.</li>
			</ul>
		</b:panel>

		<script type="text/javascript">
      		SyntaxHighlighter.all();
    	</script>
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
		<br />
	</ui:define>
</ui:composition>
